Add link to the blogpost about service connections (#2)
testcontainers/java-module-workshop: module-7/README.md

# Spring Boot Service Connections

> [!NOTE]

> > There is a [blog-post](https://www.atomicjar.com/2023/12/building-spring-boots-serviceconnection-for-testcontainers-wiremock/) with more details

Author: ```suggestion
> There is a [blog-post](https://www.docker.com/blog/building-spring-boots-serviceconnection-for-testcontainers-wiremock/) with more details
```
